having grown up the son of a brick mason
jerry rice would follow his father to
work in the oppressive mississippi
summer heat this did two things for the
high school wide receiver it's
strengthened Rice's hands as he worked
with his dad's crew and caught bricks
being tossed to him and more importantly
it provided motivation for rice not to
return to that brick mason crew and boy
did it work jerry rice didn't get
discovered until bill walsh found him
setting college football records at
little mississippi valley state
university walsh new rice would fit
right into the San Francisco 49ers west
coast offense because of Rice's
deceptive breakaway speed and his
precise route running ability Walsh
traded up in the first round of the 1985
NFL Draft to select rice before the
Dallas Cowboys could and a perfect
marriage ensued for the next 20 seasons
Jerry Rice dominated the receiver
position like never before in the
National Football League he broke and
established every major receiving record
he won Super Bowls he helped make Hall
of Fame quarterbacks Joe Montana and
Steve Young great by the time Rice's NFL
career ended not only was he the
greatest receiver to ever play he was
regarded as one of the best to ever wear
an NFL uniform some of the records rice
owns and may never be broken include
being the NFL's leader in receptions
receiving yards all-purpose yards
touchdowns receiving touchdowns and
playoff game started welcome to the Pro
Football Hall of Fame Jerry Rice
you